Validators: Updated penalty data to match updated mainnet variables (#433)
helium/docs: docs/mine-hnt/validators/penalties.mdx

To ensure that consensus groups members are continually churned, and that no individual Validator participates for too long, penalties are added. **This is not a performance based penalty and is added to _all_ Validators that participate in a consensus group.**

> - A penalty of `0.5` is added at the beginning of each consensus group for each Validator that in participating in the group. If the Validator is not ejected from the consensus group, it will receive another `0.5` penalty at the beginning of the 2nd consensus group, now having a score of `1.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A tenure penalty of `0.5` is added at the beginning of each consensus group for each Validator participating in that group. If the Validator is not ejected from the consensus group, it will receive another `0.5` penalty at the beginning of each subsequent epoch.  At the start of each epoch, any performance penalties that have been accumulated during the prior epoch will be applied to each member of the outgoing consensus group.
```

Author: I agree with the first two sentences.  The third:

At the start of each epoch, any performance penalties that have been accumulated during the prior epoch will be applied to each member of the outgoing consensus group.

Since these other penalties haven't been defined yet on this page, I think this will just create confusion.  Maybe it's clearer to add a bullet on all penalties on when they are applied.  I'll make that change.

- The amount applied per occurrence is a chain variable, currently set at `0.33`. The variable is viewable by running `miner ledger variables election_seen_penalty`.

**BBA (Byzantine Binary Agreement) Penalties**

- This penalty can occur when the Validator is seen but fails to contribute a bundle of transactions and metadata to the block.
- Acquiring this penalty usually means the Validator is slow/underpowered, or poorly connected.
- This may also occur if the time on your Validator is skewed vs the group time. [Run `ntp`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Network_Time_Protocol)!
- This penalty is applied for each occurrence, which can happen multiple times during a consensus group.
- The amount applied per occurrence is a chain variable, currently set at `0.1`. The variable is viewable by running `miner ledger variables election_bba_penalty`.

:::info

Learn more about [Byzantine Agreements](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Byzantine_fault) and their affect on [Consensus](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Consensus_(computer_science)>)

:::

## Penalty Decay

Penalties decay as blocks are formed.

> Each penalty, when assessed, also decays at the same rate. This decay rate is in blocks, and is stored as a chain variable. View the current decay block limit by running `miner ledger variables penalty_history_limit`. This value is set to `10080` blocks for mainnet, or a target of 1 week.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each penalty accrued decays to 0 in approximately 1 week regardless of its initial magnitude. This decay rate is in blocks, and is stored as a chain variable. View the current decay block limit by running `miner ledger variables penalty_history_limit`. This value is set to `10080` blocks for mainnet.
```

Author: I'll make some text changes here, but don't want to show a time.  It's a block based count and there is no certainty that blocks will average to 60s over that time period.

Author: Thanks @jdgemm, updates made.
